README.md, before:

PyPlayer
========
An extremely simple and light weight music player made with python.

This is project is being made in an attempt to make the most basic and simple, yet functional music player for your enjoyment, while its not the most impressive thing ever it aims to be easy to read and understand.



# 10 year update!
Hello all zero users of this software, turns out the python2.7 vs python3 thing happened. Needless to say this does not run and the dependencies I list below no longer exist on apt.
I would love to fix this but I clearly had _no idea_ what I was doing a decade ago. Maybe i'll decipher this puzzle of a codebase at some point as it was my first real project I had ever done. 


Dependences to install:
=======================

Then you will need the following python modules:

"python-imaging-tk"
"python-pygame"

If you are new to linux and are using Ubuntu (Debian based) do the following:
sudo apt-get install (one of the above) (You need to do it to both)



Anything else?:
===============
All the music you open will have the dirrectorys saved to the file MusicDir.txt

Open the "Config.txt" file and put the dirrectory of where your music is stored, or most "shallow" from where your music is stored.

If you have a bunch of music and it fills the listbox, to scroll down click inside the listbox and move the mouse down/up or simply enable the use of arrow buttons to move up and down inside the Config.txt file

Commit message:

it now works with Python3, youre welcome 17 year old megit status

README.md, after:

PyPlayer
========
An extremely simple and light weight music player made with python.

This is project is being made in an attempt to make the most basic and simple, yet functional music player for your enjoyment, while its not the most impressive thing ever it aims to be easy to read and understand.



# 10 year update!
You should now run the application using python3.
All zero users of this software, turns out the python2.7 vs python3 thing happened which means this code has been broken since. 
The dependency list has been updated and besides errors being thrown when you try to load a file that isnt supported, and changing lines to run in python3's types- it has been left in all of its 17 year old who taught himself on a school bus glory.


Dependences to install:
=======================

Then you will need the following python modules:

sudo apt-get install python3-tk python3-pil.imagetk python3-pygame

If you are new to linux and are using Ubuntu (Debian based) do the following:
sudo apt-get install (one of the above) (You need to do it to both)



Anything else?:
===============
All the music you open will have the directories saved to the file MusicDir.txt

Open the "Config.txt" file and put the directory of where your music is stored, or most "shallow" from where your music is stored.

If you have a bunch of music and it fills the listbox, to scroll down click inside the listbox and move the mouse down/up or simply enable the use of arrow buttons to move up and down inside the Config.txt file
